feat(curriculum): New steps and tests for expense tracker (#52570)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/20-upcoming-python/learn-lambda-functions-by-building-a-expense-tracker/657e7d9701d40d2792aac88d.md

---
id: 657e7d9701d40d2792aac88d
title: Step 6
challengeType: 20
dashedName: step-6
---

# --description--

In this step, we'll enhance the `print_expenses` function by adding a for loop. The for loop in Python is used to iterate over each item in a collection, such as a list. We'll use it to go through each expense in our expenses list.

This is the syntax for writing a basic for loop:

```py
for variable in iterable:

>      # code to execute in each iteration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     # Code to execute in each iteration
```

```

> In the code above: 
> - variable is the loop variable that takes the value of each element in the iterable during each iteration of the loop.
> - iterable is a collection of items (like a list, tuple, set, or any other iterable object) that the loop will iterate over.
> - The indented block under the for loop (# code to execute in each iteration) is the code that will be executed for each item in the iterable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the code above: 
- `variable` is the loop variable that takes the value of each element in the iterable during each iteration of the loop.
- `iterable` is a collection of items (like a list, tuple, set, or any other iterable object) that the loop will iterate over.
- The indented block under the for loop (# Code to execute in each iteration) is the code that will be executed for each item in the iterable.
```

> Now, inside the `print_expenses` function, add a for loop that iterates over each item in the list named `expenses` (the iterable). Each item during the iteration should be referred to as `expense` (the variable). At this stage, the contents of the lopp can be left with a pass statement.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now, inside the `print_expenses` function, add a for loop that iterates over each item in the list named `expenses` (the iterable). Each item during the iteration should be referred to as `expense` (the variable). At this stage, you can fill the body of the loop with a `pass` statement.
```

# --hints--

> The variable is `expense` and the iterable is `expenses`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should define a for loop with a loop variable named `expense` that iterates over an iterable named `expenses`.
```
